Devel::Modlist - Show the modules, with version number, used by a script

Version: 0.2 (see CHANGE HISTORY below)

WHAT IS IT

Devel::Modlist is a small tool that emits a list of files that were brought
into a script via 'require' or 'use'. It lists these to the STDOUT descriptor
at the end of the script's run. Each file is converted to class-like name,
e.g. IO/File.pm is displayed as IO::File, and the version number, if found,
is displayed. Files ending in .al (auto-loading routines) and .ix (indices
for auto-loading) are ignored. Optionally, one can request that files in
the Perl core library area not be listed (see the manual page).


USING Devel::Modlist

The module is designed to be used like most Devel::* packages:

        perl -d:Modlist script

It can also be used via -M:

        perl -MDevel::Modlist script


BUILDING/INSTALLING

The package is designed to configure and build like a typical Perl module.
To build:

        perl Makefile.PL
        make && make test

(at present, there are no tests defined for Devel::Modlist)

To install:

        make install

You may need super-user priviledges to install.


PROBLEMS/BUG REPORTS

Please send any reports of problems or bugs to <rjray@tsoft.com>.


CREDITS AND LICENSES

This package is copyright (c) 1996,1998 by Randy Ray (rjray@tsoft.com) and may 
be distributed under terms of the Artistic License used to cover Perl itself.
See the file Artistic in the distribution of Perl 5.002 or later for details
of copy and distribution terms.

Perl module interface by Randy J. Ray (rjray@tsoft.com), original concept and
prototype code from Tim Bunce (Tim.Bunce@ig.co.uk).


CHANGE HISTORY

This is version 0.2 (alpha-2):

* Changed the algorithm that tests for and removes core modules from the list.
  Having site_lib be a decendant of perl_lib is no longer an issue.

* Added and documented a second option, 'noversion', that suppresses the
  display of the version number for those modules that define one.

Initial version 0.1 (alpha-1):

* Taken from an idea and prototype code by Tim Bunce, a module in the Devel::*
  space that tallies up the modules that were pulled in via require or use,
  and lists them, akin to the GNU CC -M option.
